What is a point cloud?
A point cloud is the set of all the Lidar reflections that is measured.
So each Lidar, each point is one laser beam going to the object being reflected,
and that creates a point because the laser beam is relatively tight in diameter.
Then you collect all of the reflections of those laser beams from the environment,
and this creates this point cloud.
The data Lidar generates depends on the principle of the Lidar field of you,
and you know how dense the beams are.
But let's call it a 100 megabyte per second roughly,
can be the more can be less.
If you have 64 lasers,
obviously that thing generates way more data than if you have only two layers,
or 10 or 30 layers.
So it depends a little bit on the Lidar itself.